for your name i'm lieutenant Tim Cade
with Montgomery County Precinct Lynn
constables office see ad tonight at
approximately 8 40 p.m. we received a
call from gomery County dispatch
advising of a boat incident we responded
immediately along with the game wardens
when we arrived on location there was
the just for fun boat rentals had rented
what we call the party barge it's a
large boat with two decks on it there
were 49 individuals on the boat when we
arrived we started taking interviewing
the people questioning everybody a young
a young man of 26 years old was on the
top deck he tried to jump from the top
deck unfortunately when he did he hit
the bottom deck on his way into the
water then he slipped into the water he
had several people going after him they
were unable to recover him we called in
the precinct one dive team at which time
they dove in the area at 12 30p 12 1230
a.m. we did recover him how old 26 years
old okay anything basically you've
actually it was an accident there's a
possibility that alcohol was involved
we're still investigating that JP just
to the piece one judge Wayne Mac was
called to the scene he's as during his
inquest he did order an autopsy what
about the what area were they probably
know yet it was a group of people mainly
from college station area
you
Oh
what if you are 0 at the on location